docs(core): reword readme (#4188)
questdb/questdb: README.md

# QuestDB

QuestDB is an open-source time-series database for high throughput
ingestion and fast SQL queries with operational simplicity.

QuestDB is well-suited for financial market data, IoT sensor data, ad-tech and real-time dashboards. It shines for datasets with [high cardinality](https://questdb.io/glossary/high-cardinality/)

> and is a drop in replacement of InfluxDB Line Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is a drop in replacement for InfluxDB via support for the InfluxDB Line Protocol.
```

> and is a drop in replacement of InfluxDB Line Protocol.

Reviewer 2: this conflicted with Kellen's suggeseted but i updated "drop-in" thanks!

> and is a drop in replacement for InfluxDB via support for the InfluxDB Line Protocol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and is a drop-in replacement for InfluxDB via support for the InfluxDB Line Protocol.
```

QuestDB implements ANSI SQL with native time-series SQL extensions. These SQL extensions make it simple to filter and downsample data, 
or correlate data from multiple sources using relational and time-series joins. 

We achieve high performance by adopting a column-oriented storage model, parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions, and low-latency techniques. 

> The entire codebase is built from the ground up in Java, C++ and Rust (Enterprise) with no dependencies and zero garbage collection.

Reviewer 3: This kind of makes it sound like the codebase is written in an Enterprise edition of Rust or something. Maybe we could use [footnote syntax](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-09-30-footnotes-now-supported-in-markdown-fields/)?

Author: Yes true, its a bit confusing I agree. Footnote syntax works or alternatively we can remove (enterprise) and link https://questdb.io/blog/leveraging-rust-in-our-high-performance-java-database/ to Rust

Reviewer 2: addressed here https://github.com/questdb/questdb/pull/4188/commits/103738de4f35c75ba0ac6d10a7a9a5c5d38c18e5
